Docs: consolidate and improve dictionary documentation (#96653)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/create/dictionary/layouts/cache.md

    <cache>
        <!-- The size of the cache, in number of cells. Rounded up to a power of two. -->
        <size_in_cells>1000000000</size_in_cells>
        <!-- Allows to read expired keys. -->
        <allow_read_expired_keys>0</allow_read_expired_keys>
        <!-- Max size of update queue. -->
        <max_update_queue_size>100000</max_update_queue_size>
        <!-- Max timeout in milliseconds for push update task into queue. -->
        <update_queue_push_timeout_milliseconds>10</update_queue_push_timeout_milliseconds>
        <!-- Max wait timeout in milliseconds for update task to complete. -->
        <query_wait_timeout_milliseconds>60000</query_wait_timeout_milliseconds>
        <!-- Max threads for cache dictionary update. -->
        <max_threads_for_updates>4</max_threads_for_updates>
    </cache>
</layout>
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
<br/>

Set a large enough cache size. You need to experiment to select the number of cells:

1.  Set some value.
2.  Run queries until the cache is completely full.
3.  Assess memory consumption using the `system.dictionaries` table.
4.  Increase or decrease the number of cells until the required memory consumption is reached.

:::note

> Do not use ClickHouse as a source, because it is slow to process queries with random reads.

Reviewer: Do we really want this note there? Seems pretty direct and negative. Perhaps we can reword.

```suggestion
ClickHouse is not recommended as a source for this layout. Dictionary lookups require random point reads, which are not the access pattern ClickHouse is optimized for.
```
